What are you standing there for?
Dad told us to go home for dinner.
Wow, that's sweet.
Captain Ip called you home for lunch.
Hyun-yeon hasn't moved quickly yet.
Captain Ip called the lady.
What are you doing out there?
That's funny.
Don't think that Captain Ip protecting you before was meaningful to you.
It's just because the lady isn't here.
See your own identity.
I know who I am.
Does Miss Bai know her identity?
Lin Qi, what do you mean?
Do you mean the fate of Lady Xinyang Shangli?
Ms. Lin, Vinh Thien and I were childhood friends.
Study abroad together again.
From school uniforms to wedding dresses
Not the kind of person you might suspect.
You said you were married to Captain Ip.
Where's the evidence, Lynch? What the hell are you?
Dare to question the lady.
Ma'am, don't worry.
We all believe you.
Why aren't you out yet?
Forget it, let's go ask him.
I just got back from the water.
I don't know what happened at the company.
Can you tell me?
Of course, ma'am.
What is this?
You open it and you know.
The Heart of the Ocean